{
user_id: 1,
date:1296864000000,
text: 
"During my going-away meeting with Gender Studies, the faculty gave me this
journal. In it I’ll report my descent into the post-cerebral realm for which I
am headed. No whimpering, no whining, no despair. Just the facts."

}

{
user_id: 1
title:
date: 1299110400000
text:
"Saturday at the mall I performed the physical motions of shoplifting—walked
out of Macy’s with a pair of pants over my arm. I only noticed when I was
inside Dillard’s on the opposite side of the mall. I hurried back, ready to
explain. There were no salespeople around, and no one noticed when I put them
back."
}

{
user_id: 1
title:
date: 1299542400000 
text:
"Saturday at the mall I performed the physical motions of shoplifting—walked
out of Macy’s with a pair of pants over my arm. I only noticed when I was
inside Dillard’s on the opposite side of the mall. I hurried back, ready to
explain. There were no salespeople around, and no one noticed when I put them
back."
}

{
user_id: 2,
date: 857779200,
text: "My heart does not come to rest."
}

{user_id: 2,
date: 858038400,
text: "I have started thinking seriously again that I have for years wanted to
write an uncomplicated book without big words or much learning. Would I be
able to do that? I will try. The least is that I will have a book to my name.
Most importantly, it will create an activity here in my retirement center
where I spend most of my time alone. In any other private house I would have
been alone too."
}

{
user_id: 2,
date: 858556800000,
text: "In all my hobbies [painting, sketching, reading] I was well away when I
became ill last year in early February; after my illness, however, I could not
even write my name or write as I’m doing here now. What used to be everyday
things had to come back gradually."
}

{
user_id: 2,
date: 858816000000,
text: "The society in which we and our children find ourselves provides for the care of children from when they’re small, adults work the whole day, old people are rightfully taken care of in retirement and old-age homes. However, what about the wherewithal of which loneliness snips the wings? Or those like me, who “struggle to keep busy,” if one can even call that an activity? When I am not busy, I am lonely."
}

{
user_id: 2,
date: 
